-- Purpose
Assalamu Alaikum,
Peace be with you,

This public repository is intended as a place to accumulate works by authors
who are part of the ex-Muslim movement or simply people who are interested.

Everybody is welcome to have his or her stuff posted here.
The requirements are:
  .) Use open document formats, e.g.: plain text, XML, (X)HTML, PDF, LaTeX etc.
     No Microsoft formats are allowed.
     If you need a free office suite, see: http://www.openoffice.org
  .) Dedicate some time to clean and properly format your documents.
  .) Of course, different languages and translations are desired.
The reason for this is that it will be much easier to create tools that convert
documents to the PDF format for publishing or printing purposes.

-- What is a repository?
Keep in mind that this is a repository that tracks modifications (history.)
That means it records a revision (point in history) every time I submit
one or more files and/or every time I decide to submit modifications made
to the lines of a set of files.
The software is designed to conserve all of history, so deleting files will not
cause them to disappear completely; it's similar to soft deletions.
It's not entirely impossible to actually delete files, but it entails
executing a repo filter operation and after that the old repo must be deleted
and the filtered repo must be uploaded again.
The more history and data there is, the more time this will take!

So beware giving me material to which you have no permission or copyright, or
anything that you might regret at a later time!

-- Copying:
You may copy and distribute any material according to its specified license.
Sometimes there might be no license, therefore you will have to ask the author
about what usage s/he allows.
Most of the time you can do whatever you like. However, make sure the license
allows commercial use if you would like to sell print-outs, CDs etc.

-- Important note:
  We do not espouse the radicals' view of extinguishing
  or eradicating Islam from the face of this planet!
  Our mission is not to agitate against Muslims, who
  are part of our families whom we dearly love.
  We simply wish to make our views of Islam and
  the conclusions we reached known to the public!
